###Design 1
This design takes a social media oriented, “band profile”-centered approach to Harmonee. The start screen is the band profile, including the band’s name, picture, description, the band group chat, and circular bubble picture links of each band member’s individual profile. On tapping a given band member’s picture, they go to that member’s DM’s with that given band member. Band members may send mp3’s, pictures, and text to each other. Outside of the band profile, users may go to the explore page to see similar bands close by, the Harmonee top charts, a featured group of the day, and more. The stats page shows interesting statistics about the band’s progress so far, as well as a “Band Trajectory Rating” which shows the good and bad about what the group has done thus far and where they need to go to reach their goals. Finally, the calendar view shows upcoming events defined by the group, as well as Harmonee-defined suggested events based on publicly available data as well as the private Band Trajectory suggestions.

###Design 2
The design makes use of a smart-phone application format, where the platform communicates with the user through notifications. For example, when the Harmonee “Jam Event” algorithm determines that there are enough varied Harmonee users in an area, it will invite those users via phone notification to a Harmonee organized jam-session. Notifications lead to screens within the app with more information about the notification, depending on the nature of the alert. The app also has lower priority in-app notifications that are all guided to make the user aware of ways to improve their band processes and creative process (ie schedules, song organization, set list). The main idea of the app is that the higher value functions will make themselves clearly apparent via notifications based on the current state of the band or individual.

###Design 3

